Edit sun condition docs (#22433)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/scripts/conditions.markdown

The sun condition can also test if the sun has already set or risen when a trigger occurs. The `before` and `after` keys can only be set to `sunset` or `sunrise`. They have a corresponding optional offset value (`before_offset`, `after_offset`) that can be added, similar to the [sun trigger][sun_trigger]. When both keys are used, the result is a logical `and` of separate conditions.

Note that if only `before` key is used, the condition will be `true` for the time period _from midnight_ until sunrise/sunset. If only `after` key is used, the condition will be `true` from sunset/sunrise _until midnight_. Therefore, to cover time between sunset and sunrise one need to use `after: sunset` and `before: sunrise` as 2 separate conditions and combine them using `or`.

[sun_trigger]: /docs/automation/trigger/#sun-trigger

> For a 'when light' condition we can simply use both keys.  This is equivalent to a state condition on `sun.sun` of `above_horizon`.

Reviewer: Try to avoid the use of the word `simply`. What maybe be simple for you, doesn't have to be simple for the reader.

```suggestion
For a 'when light' condition we can use both keys. This is equivalent to a state condition on `sun.sun` of `above_horizon`.
```

```yaml
condition:
  - condition: sun
    after: sunrise
    before: sunset
```

> However, we cannot use both keys in a single condition to create an equivalent 'when dark' conditon, as it would always be `false`. The equivalent to a state condition on `sun.sun` of `below_horizon`must use an `or`.

Reviewer: This is not correct.

```yaml
condition: sun
after: sunrise
before: sunset
```

☝️ That should work according to code. If not, please file a bug report.

Author: Your example is for the "when light" situation not the "when dark" situation being explained.  If "when dark" now works without `or`, there is a large text block at the beginning of the section that is no longer necessary.

Reviewer: It always worked without the or...

Author: The "when dark" situation being reference by this passage is:
```yaml
condition: sun
before: sunrise
after: sunset
```
 The `or` language has been in the docs regarding "when dark" since 2018 in response to [issue #12308](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/issues/12308)

```yaml
condition:
  condition: or
  conditions:
    - condition: sun
      after: sunset
    - condition: sun
      before: sunrise
```

> #### Offsets

Reviewer: There is no need to nest this deep?

```suggestion
### Offsets

```

Author: Un-nesting it one level would put it at the same visual importance as the section heading, so it would be better to just leave it out.

```suggestion

```

> Adding offsets allows us to modify the portion of the time period closest to the key. This is more easily understood using the visual timeline provided below. In the timeline, sunrise is at 6:00, and sunset is at 18:00 (6:00 PM). The green areas of the chart indicate when the specified conditions are true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding offsets allows you to modify the portion of the time period closest to the key. This is more easily understood using the visual timeline provided below. In the timeline, sunrise is at 6:00, and sunset is at 18:00 (6:00 PM). The green areas of the chart indicate when the specified conditions are true.
```

Author: Should the preference be for second-person pronouns? I did not see any guidance in the guidelines. The existing page used both second and third-person.  This section was predominantly third-person, so I left it in that voice. If there is a preference, I will edit the other instances.

Reviewer: We follow mostly the Microsoft guide (which is documented in our developer documentation as such as well). Which is very extensive.

<https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/brand-voice-above-all-simple-human>

Author: ```suggestion
Add offsets to modify the portion of the time period closest to the key. You can use the timeline provided below to understand when the specified conditions are true. In this timeline, sunrise is at 6:00, and sunset is at 18:00 (6:00 PM).
```
